living alongside Tigers for as long as I
have means you notice the smallest
detail I have a theory that when a tiger
licks its paws
it's preparing to hunt this could be a
good sign it's been many days now but I
still haven't seen began II make a kill
with no Tigers to hunt them
cerise keys deer herds have increased in
size but bigger herds mean more eyes to
watch out for hunting Tigers
and that makes them more difficult to
catch
[Music]
yet another problem for the Gani
I'm desperate to see her cut something
so I can be sure she's getting enough to
eat these are young deer and they've
never seen a tiger they might be easier
to catch
she's perfectly placed
[Music]
has she got one yes at last I know for
sure she is feeding it's only a small
meal but it gives me great confidence
for the future of Pagani and Raj all
[Music]
you